Update service-experiments README.md (#4085)
mozilla-mobile/android-components: components/service/experiments/README.md

}
```

This library makes use of [Glean](https://mozilla.github.io/glean/book/index.html) for reporting 
experiment enrollment. If Glean is not used and initialized by the application, the recording 
methods are a no-op.

### Updating of experiments

> The library updates it's list of experiments automatically and async from Kinto on library 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library updates its list of experiments automatically and asynchronously from Kinto on library 
```

            "type": "string",
            "minLength": 1,
            "maxLength": 1000
          },
          "regions": {
            "default": [],
            "description": "Compared with GeoIP lookup, where supported.",
            "items": {
              "default": "",
              "description": "Similar to a GeoIP lookup",
              "minLength": 1,
              "maxLength": 1000,
              "title": "Regions",
              "type": "string"
            },
            "title": "Regions",
            "type": "array",
            "uniqueItems": true
          },
          "debug_tags": {
            "default": [],
            "description": "Target specific debug tags only. This allows testing of experiments for only specific active users for QA etc.",
            "items": {
              "default": "",
              "description": "A debug tag set through the libraries debug activity.",
              "minLength": 1,
              "title": "Debug tag",
              "type": "string"
            },
            "title": "Debug tags",
            "type": "array",
            "uniqueItems": true
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }

>   ```

Reviewer: What is the reason for inlining this here?  It might be hard to remember to keep it in sync (and I also think a casual reader of this document may not care in most cases).

Author: I was trying to remove the dependency to a gist in my personal github (via the link to the schema).  It started off with Georg's gist, which was forked so I could make changes.  I didn't like having all the moving parts in separate repos, which I thought would be even more difficult to keep in sync.

Author: I suppose I could create separate README's and just link them in the main one here...

Reviewer: Ah -- I didn't notice it was linking to a gist.  What if we add a jsonschema directory right here (in android components) put these as `.json` files there and link to that?

Author: I think I'd rather just leave them as inline in a separate file so that there can be headings, and explanations, in case someone were to land on just that file.
